well good morning United get afternoon
yours fantastic and this phone to
youtube there's also felons update you
off of 13 w16 a second recurring orders
part to being the carpets and
respiration helmets section so guys oh
one thing I actually failed to mention
and I forget anyway guys let's it excuse
me um so let me just go over these
beautiful little tougher things like
that caress my feet it all their colored
beauty follicular hablo de these things
are called carpets carpets are finally a
thing in Minecraft these are crafted up
by making a pressure plate out of CPI
pressure plate out of wool and actually
if you use red wool you'll get a red
thingy if you use blue will now get a
blue thingy unlike beds which will
remain permit oh but yes I've arranged
these carpets these are all different
carpets in a little a little awkward
pattern I on the Y arranged in such a
pattern but I just felt like it oh and
for demonstration of this purpose um
they're also one pilot there one pixel
thick out of 16 up now they gotta be
more the hella let me let me test this
for herself so if I grab myself a red
carpet white carpet and a blue carpet
because we are totally going italiano on
us or American honest um you can see
that these yeah I actually had a feeling
these are indeed a full pixel thick
meaning that they are 16 yeah why does
it thinking eight by eight that's that's
a with my skin and I know my skin is a
lot lower quality than that alright so
yes these are indeed a sixteenth of a
block they do not raise you any such as
snow does they also cannot be stacked in
layers which I'm a tad disappointed
about but you also can't see them in
your hand which is a bit of a bug but um
let's just make ourselves a little um
italiano minecraft flag
haha italiano or America at you if
you're awesome America overused
catchphrase yeah um but besides for the
things of American I'm just going to
throw on the ground that's a bad thing
to say at them Boston say I'm not going
to talk any further um what we're going
to do is we're going to test out the
respiration hats with a blue dress the
orange dye of the light hat and the piss
yellow hat and what we're going to do is
we're going to take chip and a ride over
there in that non specific direction um
one other thing I forgot to mention
about horses is if you go into water
that is over to block steep tea up two
blocks deep OOP you'll actually pop
right off your horse just good thing to
know in case you ever denied using your
horses of submarine for some ungodly
reason but as you can see i currently
can't see much it's pretty hard to say
stuff if i were to Helvar pop on my all
right with respiration one you'll see
it's it's it's around short render
distance underwater now if I change out
to the orange dye of delight at which
has respiration to you can see I can see
you can see I can see for quite a bit
longer sounds like a song but if I were
to change to the piss yellow respiration
how with uh with uh respiration three I
now see for quite a bit under water
impressively enough and of course
respiration means you actually don't
drown nearly as fast as normal as you
can see by my lack of bubbles decreasing
yeah yeah I can stay in here for a
pretty long time with with my piss
yellow hat it's pretty I just thought of
something amazing is it possible i can t
hold on please tell me that this is the
thing oh my god squid eggs please the
squid eggs everywhere okay please tell
oh I can watch some squares oh my god
this is
all I needed in life besides for like
food and water and stuff whoo oh my god
guys we can pet screams oh my this is
amazing you can add them to the thing oh
my god yes oh my minnis that's a goal
underwater flogged a squid oh my god
this is so good and I can see it all
perfectly with ruins my pissy on that oh
my god it's beautiful alright guys thank
you all for watching tune in next time
for when I go do a second coverage of
they'll increase mob difficulty and get
back your chip of the increased mob
difficulty and the in the new minecraft
launcher yes guys I'll just leave those
tied up squids down there defend to
themselves just guys thank you all for
watching tune in next time for whatever
I just said and the squids will come
back hardcore man from the wall and and
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do surround